Web of Trust Version 0.4.5 build0021
------------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY AND OUTLOOK (detailed changelog is below):

This is a maintenance release which adds new seed identities and removes
inactive ones.
This should speed up bootstrapping for new users.


There hasn't been a release in a long time because I was and am still
busy with developing the big IdentityFetcher-rewrite release,
it's currently 85 branches long.

ArneBab has rightfully told me that not doing releases until the rewrite
is finished would be taking too long and I should do releases meanwhile.

Hence from now on I'll try to do small, self-contained feature releases
more frequently.
I'll not promise a fixed release schedule because I have been bad at
date estimates in the past so I should rather do none.


The next thing which I will consider for a release is updating the
translations from Transifex.

TESTING

Make sure to backup the WebOfTrust directory (located in the directory
Freenet is installed to) before you use this!

Easy high level testing:
- Check the Community / Statistics page for unusual stuff. E.g.:
  - Data loss, e.g. decreasing count of own identities, non-own
    identities or trust values as compared to your database before
    installation of the testing version.
  - High count of "Failed files" at the Identity file queue / Identity
    file processor section.
  - No significant progress in average downloaded / queued / processed
    identity XML files  even after a day of uptime.

Tedious low level testing:
- Check "freenet-latest.log" for ERRORs of plugins.WebOfTrust.*
  You can filter for this by configuring logging as:
  - Set "Minimum priority to log messages at" to "NONE".
  - Set "Detailed priority thresholds" to "plugins.WebOfTrust:ERROR".
    Now any logging except WoT errors is disabled.
  Besides you should probably increase "Log rotation interval" to
  "48HOUR" (yes, no S in HOUR), the default is very low, 1 hour IIRC.
  Before you report anything from the log file make VERY sure to review
  it for private data! It might even contain the secret insert URIs of
  your identities!

DOWNLOAD

Until it has been shipped with a Freenet release this build is available
using "WebOfTrust Testing Versions" at "Configuration / Plugins" of a
standard Freenet node.
You must unload the regular WoT first!

CHANGELOG:

- [Usability] Seed identities: Add new ones, remove inactive ones

  This should speed up bootstrapping for new users.

  Added:
  - Adilson_Lanpo (suggested by ArneBab)
  - ArneBab
  - HieronymusCH (suggested by ArneBab)

  If you're one of the above, please do not turn off trust list
  publishing in WoT's settings, otherwise your seed identity
  wouldn't be of any use.

  And your identity will now publish 100 captchas per day instead of 10.
  Don't worry - this likely will not mean much more traffic:
  WoT does not prefer seed identities when displaying captchas,
  the seed identities are just downloaded first and then other identities
  will be downloaded from their trust lists.
  So if new users keep running WoT for some time before they solve
  captchas then they will get captchas from other identities as well, not
  just the seeds.

  But if you wish to be removed as a seed feel free to let me know!
  
  Removed because they haven't been active in a long time:
  - operhiem1
  - toad_
  - zidel

  Thanks to ArneBab for providing the initial patch!


CHANGELOG about stuff only interesting for developers:

- [Security] Make build script deterministic so builds are reproducible

  The hash of the JAR now is the same in between two builds on my
  machine.
  To get the same hash on two different machines you will likely need
  to use the same JDK on both.

  Notice: WoT has two build scripts, Ant and Gradle, this applies to
  Ant. Gradle is only available on branch next currently.

- [Code quality] Temporarily add GitHub Actions script from branch next,
  runs the unit tests

  Should be reverted for two reasons before merging branch next:

  Branch master, which this release is based upon, still was on
  Travis CI which has ended free service for open source projects.
  Thus branch next contains a comprehensive set of branches to add
  a GitHub Actions script to replace Travis and provide new
  features.
  Merging these branches would have been too much work for now,
  so I instead committed the latest version of the script from
  branch next *without* preserving the Git history.
  I also removed some features which do not work on branch master
  yet.
  Therefore this should be reverted before merging branch next,
  i.e. revert the merge commit which merged branch
  "TEMPORARY-github-actions-script".

- [Maintenance] Fix Ant build script to work with new Java and Ant
  versions


Thanks to:
  - ArneBab for motivating me to do this release!
