Web of Trust Version 0.4.5 build0020
------------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY AND OUTLOOK (detailed changelog is below):

Summary blah blah. Blah blah reference to link [1].

Outlook blah blah.


CHANGELOG - prefixed with the bugtracker issue number:

- 0006929: [Bugs] Travis CI builds fail due to changes at fred (xor)

  The .travis.yml configuration of Travis CI has been fixed to be
  compatible to the huge changeset of the Freenet core fred which is
  being developed on fred's next branch.
  Specifically it was adapted to be compatible with the new Gradle
  builder of fred which has replaced Ant there - while keeping Ant at
  WoT so we don't have too much migration efforts going on for now.

  The unit tests of WoT do succeed against the new fred code so
  hopefully WoT won't delay the release of the fred changes any further
  than they have already been delayed.
  This also the first time where the "CI" = continuous integration
  in Travis CI is really happening to meet its definition:
  I don't have a Gradle build setup for fred branch next yet so it is of
  true benefit to be able to test it elsewhere :)
  Thanks to nextgens for insipiring this by setting up Travis CI at
  fred!

- 0004850: [Bugs] Weird XML parsing failure (xor)

  These parsing failures used to be triggered by a bug in the Java XML
  parser.
  WoT contained two workarounds for these failures:
  - The InputStream which fed the XML into the parser was filtered to
    only return 1 byte at a time.
  - The XML which WoT uploads to the network was being indented.

  The workarounds for this bugs are hereby removed since the proof of
  concept code snippet does not reproduce the bug anymore on Java 7, 8
  and 9.
  The parser failures were probably fixed in a recent Java version.
  To ensure it does not happen again the proof of concept was added as a
  unit test.

- 0007016: [Bugs] Fix unit test failure on Java 9 (xor)

  Fixes a bug in the unit tests, not in the actual code.
  Symptom was:
    junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: static final boolean
    plugins.WebOfTrust.Persistent.$assertionsDisabled expected not same

Thanks to:
  - ArneBab for being willing to review and deploy WoT.
  - nextgens for Travis CI.

Links:
  [1] https://...
